player 2 builds 2 roachs
player 6 builds 4 ghosts
player 6 builds a ghost
player 0 builds 2 marines
player 8 builds 3 zerglings
player 0 builds 5 ghosts
player 0 loses 4 ghosts
player 6 builds 2 marines
player 1 builds 4 stalkers
player 2 builds 5 zerglings
player 2 builds 4 roachs
player 3 builds 4 roachs
player 4 builds a hydra
player 2 loses 3 roachs
player 6 builds 2 ghosts
player 4 builds 5 roachs
player 0 builds 2 marines
player 7 builds a zergling
player 7 loses a zergling
player 4 builds 3 zerglings
player 1 builds 2 stalkers
player 3 loses 4 roachs