player 3 builds 4 zerglings
player 2 builds 2 marines
player 4 builds 3 ghosts
player 8 builds 4 roachs
player 6 builds a roach
player 5 builds 4 roachs
player 1 builds 5 hydras
player 5 builds 3 hydras
player 0 builds 2 ghosts
player 6 builds 4 hydras
player 6 loses 3 hydras
player 5 builds a zergling
player 8 builds 4 zerglings
player 5 builds 3 roachs
player 3 builds 4 zerglings
player 6 builds 4 roachs
player 4 loses a ghost
player 3 builds 3 hydras
player 3 builds 2 roachs
player 7 builds 2 stalkers
player 0 builds 3 ghosts
player 1 loses 4 hydras
player 8 loses a roach
player 1 loses a hydra
player 4 builds 3 marines
player 6 loses a hydra
player 7 builds 5 stalkers
player 5 loses 3 roachs
player 8 builds 2 roachs
player 8 loses 3 roachs
player 3 loses 4 zerglings
player 1 builds 3 roachs
player 8 builds 2 roachs
player 0 builds 2 marines
player 8 loses 3 roachs
player 9 builds 4 roachs
player 4 loses 2 marines
player 1 builds 4 zerglings
player 8 builds 4 roachs
player 7 builds 3 immortals
player 9 builds 2 zerglings
player 5 builds 2 roachs
player 1 builds 4 roachs
player 4 loses a ghost
player 7 builds 3 zealots
player 4 builds 3 hellions
player 9 builds 4 zerglings
player 5 builds 2 hydras
player 1 builds a hydra
player 8 loses 2 roachs
player 2 builds 3 ghosts
player 3 loses a zergling
player 3 builds 2 roachs
player 2 builds 2 hellions
player 3 loses 2 roachs
player 6 builds 4 roachs
player 1 loses 5 roachs
player 1 loses 3 zerglings
player 5 loses 3 roachs
player 2 loses a ghost