player 1 builds 4 stalkers
player 2 builds 2 stalkers
player 0 builds 2 zealots
player 1 loses 2 stalkers
player 2 builds 3 zealots
player 1 builds 5 immortals
player 1 builds a zealot
player 1 loses 2 stalkers
player 2 builds 4 immortals
player 2 builds 5 stalkers
player 1 loses a zealot
player 0 builds 3 stalkers
player 3 builds 2 hellions
player 0 builds 3 stalkers
player 0 builds 2 stalkers
player 0 loses 2 stalkers
player 1 loses 3 immortals
player 2 builds 2 zealots
player 3 loses 2 hellions
player 2 builds 3 stalkers
player 1 loses a immortal
player 2 builds 3 immortals
player 1 builds 3 stalkers
player 1 builds 2 zealots
player 1 loses 3 stalkers
player 2 builds 4 stalkers
player 3 builds 2 ghosts
player 1 builds 3 immortals
player 1 loses 2 immortals
player 2 loses 3 immortals
player 2 builds a zealot
player 2 loses 4 stalkers
player 1 builds 4 immortals
player 2 loses 3 immortals
player 1 loses 2 zealots
player 1 builds 2 stalkers
player 1 loses 6 immortals
player 2 builds 2 stalkers
player 2 builds 3 zealots
player 2 loses 5 zealots
player 2 loses 2 zealots
player 2 builds 3 stalkers
player 2 builds 5 stalkers
player 3 builds 5 ghosts
player 3 loses 3 ghosts
player 1 builds 5 zealots
player 2 builds 4 immortals
player 1 builds 2 immortals
player 2 loses 4 immortals
player 1 builds 5 stalkers
player 2 loses 10 stalkers
player 2 loses a immortal
player 3 builds a marine
player 2 builds 4 immortals
player 1 builds 4 zealots
player 3 loses a ghost
player 0 builds 4 zealots
player 0 builds 5 stalkers
player 0 builds 3 immortals
player 2 builds 4 stalkers
player 2 loses 3 stalkers
player 1 loses 2 immortals