player 2 builds a immortal
player 1 builds 2 roachs
player 4 builds 2 ghosts
player 3 builds 2 zerglings
player 2 builds a stalker
player 4 loses a ghost
player 4 builds 4 hellions
player 3 builds 4 roachs
player 1 builds 3 roachs
player 2 builds 5 immortals
player 3 loses 2 zerglings
player 1 builds a hydra
player 0 builds 4 zealots
player 4 builds 4 ghosts
player 1 builds 2 zerglings
player 2 builds 3 stalkers
player 5 builds a immortal
player 3 builds 2 zerglings
player 1 loses 4 roachs
player 2 builds a zealot
player 4 loses a ghost
player 3 builds 3 hydras
player 1 loses 2 zerglings
player 2 loses 2 stalkers
player 4 builds 4 ghosts
player 3 loses 2 zerglings
player 1 builds 4 hydras
player 3 loses 2 roachs
player 1 builds 4 hydras
player 1 builds 2 roachs
player 1 builds 5 hydras
player 3 builds 3 roachs
player 3 builds 4 hydras
player 3 builds 3 zerglings
player 2 builds 2 stalkers
player 1 builds 3 hydras
player 2 builds 3 stalkers
player 1 builds 4 roachs
player 5 builds 2 zealots
player 4 loses 3 ghosts
player 4 builds 3 ghosts
player 2 builds 3 immortals
player 4 builds 4 hellions
player 2 loses 4 stalkers
player 2 loses 2 immortals
player 1 builds 3 zerglings
player 3 builds 4 hydras
player 3 builds 4 roachs
player 3 builds 2 roachs
player 5 builds 3 zealots
player 2 builds 5 stalkers
player 3 builds 4 roachs
player 5 loses a immortal
player 2 builds 2 stalkers
player 5 loses 4 zealots
player 1 builds a roach
player 4 builds 2 marines
player 2 loses a zealot
player 3 builds 5 hydras
player 2 loses 6 stalkers
player 2 builds 3 zealots
player 3 builds 4 roachs
player 5 loses a zealot
player 3 builds 2 roachs
player 2 loses 4 stalkers
player 1 builds 4 roachs
player 3 loses 12 roachs
player 3 loses 3 roachs
player 2 loses 2 zealots
player 5 builds 4 stalkers
player 1 loses a roach
player 1 builds 5 roachs
player 2 builds 2 stalkers
player 5 builds 5 zealots
player 4 loses 2 hellions
player 5 loses a stalker
player 3 builds 2 roachs