player 5 builds 2 roachs
player 6 builds 4 ghosts
player 4 builds 2 hellions
player 8 builds 4 roachs
player 6 builds 4 marines
player 4 builds 2 ghosts
player 5 builds 3 zerglings
player 6 builds 2 marines
player 1 builds 4 roachs
player 6 builds 2 ghosts
player 4 builds 4 ghosts
player 1 builds a zergling
player 6 builds 2 hellions
player 7 builds a stalker
player 6 builds 3 hellions
player 5 builds 3 roachs
player 0 builds 2 immortals
player 2 builds a roach
player 0 builds 2 zealots
player 4 builds 2 ghosts
player 8 builds 3 roachs
player 7 builds a zealot
player 3 builds 2 zerglings
player 8 builds 2 zerglings
player 8 builds 4 zerglings
player 7 builds 4 immortals
player 7 builds a zealot
player 3 builds 4 roachs
player 1 builds 2 roachs
player 1 builds 2 roachs
player 5 builds 2 hydras
player 1 builds 3 roachs
player 7 builds 5 immortals
player 8 builds 2 roachs
player 4 builds 5 ghosts
player 2 builds 3 zerglings
player 4 builds 2 marines
player 4 builds 3 ghosts
player 2 builds 4 hydras
player 1 builds 4 zerglings
player 2 builds 5 hydras
player 1 builds 4 zerglings
player 1 builds 3 hydras
player 3 builds 4 zerglings
player 5 builds 2 hydras
player 2 builds 3 zerglings
player 4 builds 2 marines
player 7 builds 2 stalkers
player 4 builds a hellion
player 5 builds 4 roachs
player 7 builds 4 stalkers
player 1 builds 4 zerglings
player 2 builds 5 roachs
player 4 builds a hellion
player 2 builds 2 zerglings
player 5 builds 2 zerglings
player 2 builds 4 hydras
player 3 builds 2 roachs
player 5 builds a zergling
player 1 builds 5 hydras
player 0 builds 5 immortals
player 7 builds 2 stalkers
player 5 builds 2 hydras
player 1 builds 2 hydras
player 5 builds 4 roachs
player 4 builds 3 hellions
player 6 builds 2 marines
player 7 builds a immortal
player 0 builds 4 immortals
player 6 builds 4 ghosts
player 3 builds 2 roachs