player 1 builds 4 stalkers
player 1 builds 5 zealots
player 1 builds 3 stalkers
player 0 builds 3 hellions
player 0 builds 2 ghosts
player 1 builds 3 immortals
player 1 builds a zealot
player 1 builds a zealot
player 1 builds 3 stalkers
player 1 builds a stalker
player 1 builds 3 stalkers
player 1 builds 4 stalkers
player 0 builds 2 ghosts
player 0 builds 3 hellions
player 0 builds 3 marines
player 1 builds 4 zealots
player 1 builds 2 zealots
player 0 builds 5 ghosts
player 1 builds 5 stalkers
player 0 builds 4 ghosts
player 1 builds 3 zealots
player 1 builds 3 stalkers
player 1 builds 2 immortals
player 0 builds 2 hellions
player 1 builds 3 stalkers
player 1 builds 2 stalkers
player 1 builds 5 stalkers
player 0 builds 2 marines
player 1 builds 4 immortals
player 0 builds 2 marines
player 0 builds a hellion
player 0 builds 2 marines
player 0 builds 3 hellions
player 1 builds 3 immortals
player 0 builds a ghost
player 0 builds 3 ghosts
player 0 builds 3 ghosts
player 0 builds 2 ghosts
player 1 builds 4 stalkers
player 0 builds 4 marines
player 0 builds 3 marines
player 0 builds 4 marines
player 0 builds 5 ghosts
player 1 builds 3 immortals
player 1 builds 4 immortals
player 1 builds 2 stalkers
player 0 builds 4 hellions
player 1 builds 2 stalkers
player 0 builds 4 ghosts
player 1 builds 4 stalkers
player 0 builds 2 marines
player 0 builds 2 marines
player 0 builds 2 ghosts
player 1 builds 2 immortals
player 1 builds 3 zealots
player 1 builds 4 stalkers
player 0 builds 4 marines
player 0 builds 2 ghosts
player 0 builds 5 ghosts
player 1 builds 3 zealots
player 0 builds 2 ghosts
player 0 builds a hellion