player 8 builds a roach
player 1 builds 2 roachs
player 5 builds 4 stalkers
player 7 builds 4 roachs
player 7 builds 2 roachs
player 8 builds 2 hydras
player 8 builds 2 zerglings
player 4 builds 2 hydras
player 4 builds 2 hydras
player 1 builds 3 roachs
player 8 builds 5 roachs
player 7 builds 3 zerglings
player 6 builds 4 roachs
player 5 builds 3 stalkers
player 7 builds 4 roachs
player 1 builds 5 zerglings
player 9 builds a zergling
player 3 builds 5 ghosts
player 5 builds 5 stalkers
player 3 builds 2 ghosts
player 5 builds 2 stalkers